comprehensive introduction of node js in (100 what is nodejs) (#1811)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/100-nodejs-introduction/100-what-is-nodejs.md

> # What is nodejs
> 
> Node.js is an open-source and cross-platform JavaScript runtime environment.
> Node.js runs the V8 JavaScript engine, the core of Google Chrome, outside of the browser. This allows Node.js to be very performant.
> 
> A Node.js app runs in a single process, without creating a new thread for every request. Node.js provides a set of asynchronous I/O primitives in its standard library that prevent JavaScript code from blocking and generally, libraries in Node.js are written using non-blocking paradigms, making blocking behavior the exception rather than the norm.
> 
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> 
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/nodejs/nodejs_intro.asp'>Node.js Introduction</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.org/en/about/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVwtVBpw7RQ'>What is Node js?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOupHNvDIq8'>How Node.js Works?</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What is Node.js

Node.js is an open-source and cross-platform JavaScript runtime environment. It is a popular tool for almost any kind of project! Node.js runs the V8 JavaScript engine, Google Chrome's core, outside the browser. This allows Node.js to be very performant. A Node.js app runs in a single process, without creating a new thread for every request. Node.js provides a set of asynchronous I/O primitives in its standard library that prevent JavaScript code from blocking and generally, libraries in Node.js are written using non-blocking paradigms, making blocking behavior the exception rather than the norm.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.org/en/about/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/nodejs/nodejs_intro.asp'>Node.JS Introduction</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVwtVBpw7RQ'>What is Node.js?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOupHNvDIq8'>How Node.js Works?</BadgeLink>
```
